Issue/12 UI part to report (#13)
teamulster2/report: report/04_implementation/01_flutter_application.md

## Flutter application

> Flutter is a open source framwork developed by Google. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Flutter* is a open source framework developed by Google. 
```

> With Flutter you can create several applications (iOS, Android, web application) with just one code base. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With Flutter you can create several applications (iOS, Android, web application) with just one single code base. 
```

> With Flutter you can create several applications (iOS, Android, web application) with just one single code base. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Flutter* gives you the ability to create several applications (iOS, Android, web application) with just one single code base. 
```

> So the development does not take place platform-specifically, but in one programming language and environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because of this, the development does not take place platform-specifically, but in one programming language and environment.
```

> The programming language used with Flutter is DART. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The programming language used with Flutter is Dart. 
```

> The programming language used with Flutter is Dart. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The programming language used with *Flutter* is *dart*. 
```

> DART ist a object oriented programming language that is very similar to C# or Java. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dart ist a object oriented programming language that is very similar to C# or Java. 
```

> Dart ist a object oriented programming language that is very similar to C# or Java. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Dart* is an object oriented programming language that is very similar to C# or Java. 
```

// TODO: Mehr Informationen zu DART / Flutter

All in all we tried to set up a reusable folder and file structure with some seperation of concerns between the frontend / user interface and the business logic.

### Config

### Database

### Exceptions

### Notifications

### User Interface

The user interface (ui) part of the code is divided in a core, models and modules folder. 

> The core folder contains all files that have to do with the home page and navigation bar. So everything that has to be reached from everywhere inside the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The core folder contains all files that have to do with the home page and navigation bar, basically everything that has to be reached from inside the application.
```

> The modules folder containes all seperate parts that act independently. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The modules folder contains all seperate parts that act independently. 
```

> So there is a folder and widget for the questionnaire, the spatial span task, the pvt test and the settings page for example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is also a folder and a widget for the questionnaire, the spatial span task, the pvt test and the settings page.
```

Each module contains a dart file with the main Scaffold or Container that contains all the contents of the specific subpage. 
Then you have a widget folder with all seperate smaller parts of the application. 
So there is for example a QuestionnaireAnswer widget that is used for each answer of a specific question.

> This precise separation ensures, on the one hand, that the code is much clearer and should also be less redundant. This avoids repetitions. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On one hand, this precise separation ensures, that the code is much clearer and should also be less redundant.
```

## Flutter application

*Flutter* is a open source framework developed by Google. 
*Flutter* gives you the ability to create several applications (iOS, Android,

> web application) with just one single code base. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
web application) with a single code base. 
```

Because of this, the development does not take place platform-specifically,
but in one programming language and environment.

The programming language used with *Flutter* is *dart*. 
*Dart* is an object oriented programming language that is very similar to C#
or Java. 

// TODO: Mehr Informationen zu DART / Flutter

> All in all we tried to set up a reusable folder and file structure with some

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All in all we tried to set up a reusable folder and file structure with
```
